.\"                              hey, Emacs:   -*- nroff -*-
.\" c2vcg is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\" along with this program; see the file COPYING.  If not, write to
.\" the Free Software Foundation, 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
.\"
.TH C2VCG 1 "November 15, 2006"
.\" Please update the above date whenever this man page is modified.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins (default)
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
c2vcg \- express C program in Graphical Flow Chart in VCG GDL.

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B c2vcg
.RI
[\fIoptions\fR]... [\fIinfile\fR]...

.SH DESCRIPTION

\fBc2vcg\fP display C program's CFG using VCG, or generate that CFG in VCG GDL.
.PP
It supports  equivalent grammar given in
last pages of "The C Programming Language" K&R.

.SH OPTIONS
\fBc2vcg\fP accepts the following options:

.TP
.BR    -o ", " --output=\fIoutfile\fP   
Output to \fIoutfile\fP instead of
standard output
.TP

.BR -c ", " --caseq=+[number]|0|-[number]
0 for sequential flow in switch
statement,non zero
for parallel flow from switch to case's, -/+ve for
not/fixing case box on same level.
.TP

\" .B  --dry-run
\" Take no real actions.
\" .TP
\" .B  --no-warn
\" Disable warnings.
\" .TP

.BR   -e ", " --echo[=\fIoutfile\fP]
Echo C Sources
in \fIoutfile\fP or stderr.
.TP

.BR  --go2near[=\fI0|1\fP]
Set goto -> stat nearedge

.TP

.BR  -w ", " --width=\fI+number\fP
Graph width.
.TP
.BR  -h ", " --hight=\fI+number\fP
Graph hight.
.TP
.BR -x ", " --xspace=\fI+number\fP
X length.
.TP 
.BR -y ", " --yspace=\fI+number\fP
Y length.
.TP
.BR  -n ", " --node=\fI+number\fP
starting positive \fInode\fP number.
.TP
.BR  -p ", " --pnode[\fI=0|1\fP]
Print node number.
.TP
.BR  -I ", " --include=\fIdir\fP
Preprocessing Command.
.TP
.BR  -j ", " --joincase[\fI=+[number]|0|-[number]\fP]
non zero for joining consecutive case's, -/+ve for
joining on same/seperate line, case's.
.TP
.BR  -s ", " --semicol[\fI=0|1\fP]
Show semicolon.
.TP
.BR  -g ", " --subgraph[\fI=0|1|2|3\fP]
enable subgraph, 0 no subgraph,1 statement only
subgraph, 2 external declaration subgraph
(functions, declaration/definition of global
variables, 3 both.
.TP
.BR  -q ", " --quiet ", " --silent
Inhibit usual output.
.TP
.B  --brief
Shorten output.
.TP
.BR  -v ", " --verbose
Print more information.
.TP
\" .BI  --directory= name
\" Use specified directory.
\" .TP
\" .BI  --cd= name
\" Change to specified directory before proceeding.
\" .TP
.BR  -? ", " --help
List all available options and their meanings.
.TP
.B  --usage
Show summary of options.
.TP
.BR  -V ", " --version
Show version of program.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR xvcg (1), 
.BR vcg (1).
.SH AUTHOR
Sharad Pratap <sh4r4d@gmail.com>.
